OSI Model
Steps include in which local machine send req and receives response from server.

*. DNS resolution: 
  In this browser will check the ip address of the URL to typed in broweser, as each URL is mapped to some IP Address.
  SO first it will check the local cache if any previos request done to this url, if no then at Internet Service provider, it will
  find the IP address is mapped with the URL.

*. TCP Handshake:
  When request send to server, need to check if server is ready to accept your request. There are 3way Handshake ie local server 
  will send Sync req, In response server will send Sync-Ack resp, Then local machine sends ACk req to server.
  There are also other sync method like 2 way sync, 4 way sync.

In OSI model there are 7 layers, though which req goes:
Below 3 steps done at browser level.
1. L7 Layer - Application Layer: 
  In this layer browser initiates request using HTTP/HTTPS based req.

2. L6 Data Encryption/Formatting - Presenatation Layer:
  As from Initiate req to reach request to server, there are multiple stages ie req goes through diff routers, layers, so request
  need to be ecrypt so no one can read your req.

3. L5 - Session Layer:
  It creates session to log the user logged in Session.

4. L4 - Segmentation - Tranport Layer
  At this stage, if browser sending large data or it receives large data from serrver, then data is segmented ie its divided 
  into parts. Along with this protocol is defined ie TCP/UDP ie if we are using HTTP or HTTPS then TCP protocol is used, 
  otehrwise UDP protocol will be used.

5. L3 - Networking Layer
  In this layer Router add Source IP Address and Destination IP address to each segment. And once we add Source IP Address 
  and Destination IP address we call this dta as packets.

6. L2 - DataLink Layer
  Usulally routers linked with switches, so data is transformed from Packets to Frames. And in frames along with IP, it adds
  mac. Switches only understands how data can be transferred into Frames.

7. L1 - Physical Electronic signal transform
  Finally this frames sent thru electronic signl form.

